# Challenge 4

Multi-part Game Jam in December, create the Asteroids mechanic and focus on content/polish the following weeks.

For our purpose the Asteroids mechanic is defined as; objects that break apart into 2 or more smaller objects when attacked or interacted with. Must have at least smallest, medium biggest. 

## Build a Game & Practice Polish/Content Creation

- Spend 4-6 hours per week.
- December 7th: Build the Asteroids mechanic.
- December 14th: First round of Content & Polish.
- December 21st: (not streamed) Second round of Content & Polish.
- December 28th: Present to the World _(create an itch/other store page)_.

## Rule Clarifictions

* Asteroids mechanic means the primary game mechanic must be built around shooting & splitting objects into smaller parts.
* The expected time spend is 4 to 6 hours, however there is no hard rule to say "spend less than X hours", we are all winners.

## Due Date

The final date is end of December, but every Sunday (except the 21st) will have a review of the prior weeks progress. So the 14th will start with a **Show and Tell** of the initial mechanic. Then the 28th will start with a **Show and Tell** of the two polish phases, etc.

## To Submit (wip)

Presently, just submit via a comment on the ["Challenge 004 Submission"](https://github.com/timbeaudet/knowledge_base/issues/15) issue ticket with the format specified.
  
Submission process is new and very open for ideas. The goal is track submissions long term, allowing anyone to submit at anytime, link to the project and track the list of things completed. Ideally, eventually, it would be nice to see what challenges a particluar user completed as well.
  
Objective is to practice and learn to create good content/polish/juice. Everyone is limited to the same primary mechanic so that we can compare notes and improve together.
